fix(gevent): fix gevent compatibility with "module cloning" approach (#4863)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/configuration.rst

     default: "DES,Blowfish,RC2,RC4,IDEA"
     description: Weak cipher algorithms that should be reported, comma separated.

>    DD_UNLOAD_MODULES_FROM_SITECUSTOMIZE:

Reviewer: I.e. Should we declare any incompatibilities between this and `DD_GEVENT_PATCH_ALL`?

>    DD_UNLOAD_MODULES_FROM_SITECUSTOMIZE:

Reviewer 2: I think they're fine to use together. I don't know why it would be necessary but I doubt it would cause problems.

     type: String

>      default: auto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     default: 0
```
I believe this is the updated default now right?

     description: |

>         Controls whether module cloning logic is executed by ``sitecustomize.py``. Module cloning involves saving copies of dependency modules for internal use by ``ddtrace``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Controls whether module cloning logic is executed by ``ddtrace-run``. Module cloning involves saving copies of dependency modules for internal use by ``ddtrace``
```

Reviewer 3: `ddtrace-run` is what customers are aware of, `sitecustomize.py` is a little bit of internal details that most might not know about (?)
